[Rancher2] Provide Windows Server version context for Rancher (#2997)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.x/en/cluster-provisioning/rke-clusters/windows-clusters/_index.md

In order to add Windows worker nodes to a cluster, the node must be running one of the following Windows Server versions and the corresponding version of Docker Engine - Enterprise Edition (EE):

- Nodes with Windows Server core version 1809 should use Docker EE-basic 18.09 or Docker EE-basic 19.03.

> - Nodes with Windows Server core version 1903+ should use Docker EE-basic 19.03.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Nodes with Windows Server Core version 1903+ should use Basic Docker EE 19.03.
```

We should follow the official naming scheme in the docs

Author: Great observation. I mainly tried to keep things similar, but it's good to re-evaluate.

### Kubernetes Version

Kubernetes v1.15+ is required.

> The [Kubernetes docs for Windows nodes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/windows/intro-windows-in-kubernetes/#windows-os-version-support) provide a compatability matrix for which versions of Windows Server will be compatible with your version of Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Kubernetes docs for Windows nodes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/windows/intro-windows-in-kubernetes/#windows-os-version-support) provide a compatibility matrix that can be used to assess which versions of Windows Server are supported based on your Kubernetes cluster version.
```

Author: Perfect. The liberal arts student in me is unhappy with myself right now. This is awesome :)

> **More Information on Windows Server Versions:**
>

> > - [Windows Server release information](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/get-started/windows-server-release-info)
> > - [Windows Server servicing channels: LTSC and SAC](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/get-started-19/servicing-channels-19)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - [Release Information](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/get-started/windows-server-release-info)
> - [Servicing Channels: LTSC and SAC](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/get-started-19/servicing-channels-19)
```

Windows Server is redundant

Author: This was a copy/paste from another place. Totally agree.

# Configuration for Storage Classes in Azure

> If you are using Azure VMs for your nodes, you can use [Azure files](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/azure-files-dynamic-pv) as a [storage class]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.x/en/cluster-admin/volumes-and-storage/#adding-storage-classes) for the cluster. For details, refer to [this section.]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.x/en/cluster-provisioning/rke-clusters/windows-clusters/azure-storageclass)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Azure VMs for your nodes, you can use [Azure files](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/azure-files-dynamic-pv) as a [storage class]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.x/en/cluster-admin/volumes-and-storage/#adding-storage-classes) that is available on your cluster. For details, refer to [this section.]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.x/en/cluster-provisioning/rke-clusters/windows-clusters/azure-storageclass)
```

either `the storage class for the cluster` or `a storage class that is available on your cluster`

Author: Your change looks good!

Author: There was an upstream change that I rebased to that changed this a little. Fixed regardless.
